fix(semconv): attach spec-mandated explicit bucket boundaries to GenAI histogram helpers (#5084)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python: CHANGELOG.md

- logs: add exception support to Logger emit and LogRecord attributes
  ([#4907](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/issues/4907))
- Drop Python 3.9 support
  ([#5076](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/pull/5076))
- `opentelemetry-semantic-conventions`: Attach spec-mandated explicit bucket boundaries to the GenAI histogram helpers (`gen_ai.client.operation.duration`, `gen_ai.server.request.duration`, `gen_ai.server.time_to_first_token`, `gen_ai.server.time_per_output_token`); without them the default SDK buckets produced unusable histograms for latency-per-token metrics

>   ([#4946](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/issues/4946))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `opentelemetry-semantic-conventions`: Attach spec-mandated explicit bucket boundaries to the GenAI histogram helpers
  ([#5084](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/issues/5084))
```

Author: Done.
